Skywalker was just a farm boy until he
received a mysterious message from a
princess she's beautiful
Star Wars starring Mark Hamill which is
short for a stormtrooper Tennyson Ford
Carrie Fisher
[Music]
Alec Guinness got wind if you strike me
down I shall become more powerful than
you can possibly imagine 20th Century
Fox presents the most extraordinary
motion picture of all time
Star Wars
[Music]
no legendary adventure of the past could
be as exciting as this Romance of the
future may the force be with you in Star
Wars Luke Skywalker and Han Solo rescued
the princess destroyed the Death Star
but their story didn't end there
[Music]
now the creators of the biggest smash
hit of all time bring in the next
episode in the Star Wars saga The Empire
Strikes Back
[Music]
continuing story of our band of heroes
Luke Skywalker Princess Leia Han Solo
c-3po r2d2 and Chewbacca and introducing
Lando Calrissian it's an epic of romance
of heroes and villains they cross
trackless voids to unknown world
[Music]
a galactic Odyssey against oppression
a big new sprawling space adventure in
the Star Wars saga The Empire Strikes
Back
coming to your Galaxy next summer return
for the climactic clash between the
forces of good and evil return to a
galaxy far far away Return of the Jedi
[Music]
the next chapter in the continuing Star
Wars saga
for freedom rages on
the part of a hero the courage of a
rebel the strength of a leader the
loyalty of comrades the power of the
force
[Music]
the cunning of the enemy but destiny
revealed is a legend fulfilled and epic
of heroes villains and aliens from a
thousand worlds in trapping the quest
continues
[Music]
the circle closes
the saga lives on Return of the Jedi
begins May 25th at a Theatre in your
Galaxy
[Music]
you refer to the prophecy of the one who
will bring balance to the force you
believe it's this boy he can see things
before they happen he can help you the
force is unusually strong with him he
was man to help what does you heart to
tell you are you sure about this
trusting our fate to a boy we hardly
know Anakin Skywalker meet obi-wan
Kenobi I sense much fear in you the boy
is dangerous they all sense it why can't
you fear is the path to the dark side
fear leads to anger anger leads to hate
hate leads to suffering
[Music]
I will not let this Republic be
splitting to my negotiations will not
fail if they do they aren't enough Jedi
to protect the Republic
we're keepers of the Peace not soldiers
[Music]
sorry Master I forgot you don't like
flying well you've lost him if you'll
excuse me I hate it when he does that
Anakin don't do anything without first
consulting either myself or the council
you don't need guidance Anakin and I see
you becoming greatest of all Jedi has
exceptional skills his abilities have
made him arrogant excuse me I'm in
charge of security here milady we must
stop them before they're ready your
clones are very impressive they'll do
their job well
laughs that's why I hate fly this is a
crisis Senate must vote the Chancellor
emergency powers as my first act I will
create a Grand Army of the Republic
counter the increasing threats of the
separatists hasn't been a full-scale war
since the formation of the Republic we
must join me obi-wan and together
destroy the Sith side every danger
[Music]
begun this corridor
you
[Music]
[Applause]
dark side of the force is a pathway to
many abilities some consider to be
unnatural is it possible to learn this
power not from a Jedi the council wants
you to report on all the Chancellor's
dealings that's treason we are at war
Anakin be very dangerous putting them
together I don't think the boy can
handle it I don't just do I need your
help son I'm appointing you to be my
personal representative on the Jedi
Council you're on this council but we
did not grant you the rank of Master
what obi-wan and the council don't trust
me learn to know the dark side of the
force and you achieve a Power greater
than any Jedi you're under arrest
Chancellor are you threatening me master
Jedi
[Applause]
every single Jedi is now an enemy of the
Republic - what must be done
do not hesitate show no mercy who
could've done this
twisted by the dark side young Skywalker
has the common truth I feel so helpless
[Music]
you were the chosen one
[Applause]
who are you
I'm no one
[Music]
I was raised to do one thing but I've
got nothing to fight for
[Music]
nothing stirred it all we're
I will finish
would you start
[Music]
their stories about what happened
strong
[Music]
Oh
the dark side
a Jedi
[Music]
they're real
the force it's calling to you
just editing
[Music]
when I found you I saw raw untamed power
and beyond that something truly special
[Music]
something beside me has always been
when I was awake
[Music]
I need help
I've seen this raw strength only once
before it scared me enough that
it doesn't know
[Music]
but the pastime
kill it
if you have to
that's the only way to become one you
met today
[Music]
[Applause]
we are the spark the fire
[Music]
this is not going to go
where you think
I need someone to show me my place in
all this
[Music]
we've passed on all we know the thousand
generations live in you now
[Applause]
[Music]
but this is your fight
[Applause]
[Music]
we'll always be with you
no one's ever really gone
[Laughter]
you
[Music]
it's an instinctive feeling
the force brought together
we're not alone
good people will fight if we lead them
people keep telling me they know me
[Music]
and I wonders
have I wait
and to know
you're coming together
is your undoing
what are we doing there or Threepio
taking one last look sir but my friends
fronting fear is the destiny of a Jedi
[Music]
your destiny
the force will be with you always
[Music]
you